README.md, before:

### Hi there, I'm Gabriel Borges Gutierrez! 🚀

🌎 Based in Campinas, SP, Brazil  
🎓 PhD Student @ Unicamp  
🔧 Software Engineer | 🤖 Machine Learning & Computer Vision Researcher  
🌐 Fluent in English and Portuguese | 🗾 JLPT N5 Certified in Japanese

#### About Me

I am passionate about the world of technology and innovation, with a solid foundation in software engineering and a burning curiosity for machine learning, self-supervised learning, and Transformers.  

👨‍🎓 I hold a **Bachelor's degree in Software Engineering** and a **Master's degree in Computer Science**, which equipped me with strong skills in both software development and applied research.  

📚 Currently, I am pursuing my **PhD in Computer Science at Campinas State University (Unicamp)**, where my research focuses on **machine learning, computer vision, and foundation models**. My work explores efficient self-supervised learning methods, robustness and adaptability of foundation models, and large-scale training strategies.  

🗾 Additionally, I hold the **Japanese Language Proficiency Test (JLPT) N5 certificate**, reflecting my ongoing interest in language and culture.  

#### Get in Touch

I'm always eager to connect with fellow developers, researchers, and enthusiasts in the tech community. Whether it's collaborating on projects, discussing research ideas, or just engaging in tech-related conversations, I'm here for it all.  

📫 Feel free to reach out to me via email at <gabriel.bgs00@gmail.com> or connect with me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabrielbgutierrez/) to stay updated on my latest projects and research endeavors. Let's code, learn, and innovate together!

---
<details>
  </br>
  <summary>📄 My Articles</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.earthdoc.org/content/papers/10.3997/2214-4609.2024101294">Applying the Transformer Architecture for Semantic Segmentation of Seismic Facies</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <br />
  <summary>:zap: GitHub Stats</summary>

  <img height="180" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=GabrielBG0&theme=tokyonight&show_icons=true&count_private=true" />
  <img height="180" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=GabrielBG0&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide=jupyter%20notebook,ShaderLab&langs_count=8" />

</details>

Commit message:

Revise README with updated bio and research interests

README.md, after:

### Hi there, I'm Gabriel Borges Gutierrez! 🚀

🌎 Based in Campinas, SP, Brazil  
🎓 PhD Student in Computer Science @ Unicamp  
🔧 Software Engineer | 🤖 Researcher in Machine Learning & Computer Vision  
🌐 Fluent in English and Portuguese | 🗾 JLPT N5 Certified in Japanese  

#### About Me

I am a researcher and software engineer with a strong interest in **machine learning, computer vision, and self-supervised learning**. My background combines solid software engineering foundations with applied research experience, allowing me to bridge the gap between **theoretical advances** and **practical implementations**.  

👨‍🎓 I hold a **Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering** and a **Master’s degree in Computer Science**, where I specialized in deep learning and Transformer-based architectures.  

📚 Currently, I am pursuing a **PhD in Computer Science at the University of Campinas (Unicamp)**. My research focuses on:  
- **Efficient self-supervised learning (SSL)** methods for vision and multimodal models  
- **Robustness and adaptability of foundation models**  
- **Scalability and distributed training** for large-scale models  

🛠️ I am also one of the **core maintainers and software architect** of the open-source project [**Minerva**](https://github.com/discovery-unicamp/Minerva), which provides scalable and flexible tools for deep learning research. My work on Minerva bridges research and engineering by enabling reproducible experiments, large-scale training, and model debugging.  

🗾 In addition to my technical work, I also hold the **Japanese Language Proficiency Test (JLPT) N5 certificate**, reflecting my interest in languages and cross-cultural exchange.  

---

#### 🧑‍🔬 Research Interests
- Self-Supervised Learning for vision and multimodal models  
- Foundation models: robustness, adaptability, and efficiency  
- Large-scale distributed training and optimization strategies  
- Transformer architectures for computer vision  
- Applied AI research at the intersection of **software engineering and machine learning**  

---

#### Get in Touch

I am open to collaborations and discussions on topics related to **machine learning, self-supervised learning, and applied AI research**.  

📫 Feel free to reach out via email at <gabriel.bgs00@gmail.com> or connect with me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabrielbgutierrez/). 

---
<details>
  </br>
  <summary>📄 My Articles</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.earthdoc.org/content/papers/10.3997/2214-4609.2024101294">Applying the Transformer Architecture for Semantic Segmentation of Seismic Facies</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <br />
  <summary>:zap: GitHub Stats</summary>

  <img height="180" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=GabrielBG0&theme=tokyonight&show_icons=true&count_private=true" />
  <img height="180" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=GabrielBG0&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide=jupyter%20notebook,ShaderLab&langs_count=8" />

</details>
